Add email testing notes on README (#28)
AcompanhaLegis/acompanha-legis-api: README.md

$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml exec api python ./manage.py migrate
```

### Email testing

> To test the email, we have included the [mailhog](https://github.com/mailhog/MailHog), it makes possible to test email sending and also receiving and follow it by accessing: `localhost:8025`, by default django is already configured to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the email, we have included the [mailhog](https://github.com/mailhog/MailHog). It makes it possible to test sending and receiving emails by accessing: `localhost:8025`. By default django is already configured to use it.
```
